ryoubi and ryouna’s re‐encounter
===

*a.k.a. a cheesy, short story that tries too hard to sound sweet.*

ryouna woke up feeling especially good that day. outside, the mild wind was strong enough to make sound as it passed through the leaves every once in a while. it was just a chilly spring saturday, but it was also a very special day to ryouna: it was the day her sister ryoubi would come back home from a week‐long shinobi mission that was assigned to her. she really missed ryoubi, and assumed ryoubi missed her too. their bond was stronger than their sadomasochistic interactions — they truly cared for each other. not everyone is comfortable with their kind of behavior and feelings, much less so actually endorsive and reciprocative of it, so understanding each other was really important for them both.

as ryouna sat up on her bed, she was already mentally preempting her meeting with her sister at the end of the afternoon. after breakfast, she rushed out of hebijo, and went hopping to the closest shopping district, just barely being able to contain her feeling of excitement and anticipation, occasionally letting some of it out in the form of random smiles throughout her path to the district.

while shopping, she chose the lingerie that she felt highlighted her breasts the most, as she thought ryoubi would enjoy it. as much as ryoubi didn’t like big breasts in girls, she didn’t mind ryouna’s, even though she oftentimes acted otherwise. ryouna knew this, and was intentionally choosing that lingerie to provoke her sister, who would probably take the opportunity to talk her breasts down. while at the shopping district, ryouna also got some things she felt would be able to help her and her sister enjoy their time together more effectively, such as a moody lampshade, ropes and a whip, and suggestive outerwear.

after having lunch with the other hebijo elite members when she got home, she went back to her bedroom to prepare for her sister’s arrival. she cleaned and organized her room, tested her lampshade, wore her new underwear, and hid some of her newly‐bought apparatus in her closet to surprise her sister. it was a modest effort, but it felt special to her, as she did it for her sister. ryouna knew ryoubi would come home exhausted from her mission, and so she wanted for ryoubi to be able to have someone to let her feelings out on, as she knew both of them would enjoy it.

now ryouna caught herself in a waiting game. it was still just around 13:00, whereas her sister would arrive around 18:00. it’s not like she was an impatient person, but this particular circumstance got her to sigh in disappointment. she put on some clothes atop her lingerie, and started to walk around the school to pass the time. she would visit the same rooms multiple times, including her own bedroom. it seemed like several hours had passed since she started, but in reality, just one hour had barely gone by. eventually, she caught herself in her own bedroom, lying in her bed in frustration. she was really tired since she hadn’t slept that well last night, as she was anxious for ryoubi’s arrival. as she started to imagine her sister coming back and finally interacting with her after so long, the softness in her heart made her fall asleep.

when she woke up, she looked in her clock, and it was already 18:00. ryoubi hadn’t arrived yet, but was likely about to, so she felt happy and immediately aroused herself. she didn’t get up, though, she just lazed around in her bed for a while. eventually, as she started to notice it was already 18:30, she got up to take away her outerwear and turn her lampshade on. she took out her whip and put it in her nightstand for easy access. it was really good timing because it was at that time she heard ryoubi’s voice outside her room. she heard her talking with the others, and she seemed very angry; she was probably worn out from her mission. as ryouna heard ryoubi approach her bedroom, she felt content, as she knew in her heart that her sister would enjoy all the preparations she spent time setting up for them, and would be as happy as her to meet again.
